allow wget in otel-dotnet-auto-install.sh (#4076)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - otel-dotnet-auto-install.sh can optionally use wget instead of curl, useful on
>   mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/runtime alpine images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `otel-dotnet-auto-install.sh` now optionally uses `wget` instead of `curl`,
  improving compatibility with `mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/runtime` Alpine images.
```
